chapter 80: Browser control - controlling the window's size and location

1. Opening a Popup with a Name

    when opening a popup , you can assign a name to the window, which allows you to target 
    it with  links or forms:

    var monkeyWindow = window.open("monk.html", "win");

    The first parameter is the URL (monk.html).
    The second parameter is the window's name (win), which can be referenced in HTML 
    elements.

    Key Points:

    The name is used in HTML, not in JavaScript for further acions on the window.
    You can skip the name by providing an empty string as the second parameter. 

2. Controlling the window's size   

    You can specify the window size by adding width and height parameters:

    var monkeyWindow = window.open("monk.html","win","width=420,height=380");

    Things to Note:

    width and height are in pixels.
    Both must be at least 100 pixels.
    The parameter should be part of the third string in the window.open() method.
    No spaces are allowed between the parameters, and they must be 
    enclosed in the same set of quotation marks.

3. Positioning the window on the Screen     

    You can also control where the popup will appear on the screen by 
    specifying left and top positions:

    var w = window.open("","","width=420,height=380,left=200,top=100")

    Key Points : 

    left specifies how many pixels the window is from the left edge of 
    the screen.
    top specifies how many pixels the window is from the top of the 
    screen .
    size parameter must be included along with positions parameters
    for them to work.

4. Combining Size and position parameters in a variable    

    For clarity , you can assign window specifications to a variable and use it within
    window.open();

    var windowSpecs = "width=200,height=200,left=300,top=200";
    window.open("test.html","",windowSpecs);

    This allows for easier control over complex window configurations and can be useful
    when multiple window properties are needed.

5. Setting Empty URL and Name Parameters    

    If  you only want to control the window's size and position without specifying a URL or
    name , you can still include empty strings as  placeholders:

    var customWindow = window.open("","","width=200,height=200");

    This open a window with the speciifed size but without any content initially
 

 Key Points Recap:

    window Naming : Speciy a window name for targeting in HTML links or form, but it's 
    optional if you don't need it.
    Size and positioning : Use width , height , left, and top to control the window's size and 
    location on the screen. 
    Combining Parameters: You can combine window specifications into a single variable for cleaner code.
    No  spaces in parameter : Avoid spaces within the size and position parameters , as they will 
    will break the JavaScript functionality.

with these options , you can create popups that are sized and positioned exactly as needed     
for your application's requirements, giving you flexibility over how new window are 
displayed.
